# Object Episodes.com

### The #1 homepage for jugglers

Hey there, my name is Cal Courtney and if you've reached this .md file, then you're probably both interested in juggling and programming.

It's nice to meet you\!

ObjectEpisodes.com is to be an all-inclusive online platform where jugglers can find all the tools and resources that they may need with an easy-to-use and up to date interface.

## Motivation

A short description of the motivation behind the creation and maintenance of the project. This should explain why the project exists.

## Screenshots

Include logo/demo screenshot etc.

## Tech/framework used

-   Firebase _For user authentication, databasing and file storage_
-   Bootstrap _For responsive layout_
-   Sass _For custom styles_

## Built with

ReactJS/Typescript

Features
[x] Forum
[x] User Profiles
[x] User hierarchy
[x] Records database
[x] Photo of the Day
[x] Historical fact of the Day
[ ] Siteswap tools
[ ] Events

## Code Example

This is just a small explanation of how the app is structured.

### /src/App.tsx

This is the root of the app and all content starts here. Every React Component is a function that returns a version of HTML, called JSX. In JSX, you can write regular HTML tags, or you can use your own tags which reference to other components.

```
...
<div className='App h-100 w-100'>
    {user ? (
        <>
            *<Header user={user} firebase={firebase} />*
            <div id='main'>
                <div className='container-fluid'>
                ...
                </div>
            </div>
        </>
    )}
</div>
```

For example, in App.tsx, there is a function `App` which returns various `<div>`s, but also a component called `Header`, located in `/src/components/Header/Header.tsx`.

### /src/components/Header/Header.tsx


## Installation

First of all, you are going to need to have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) installed on your computer. Then, make a branch of the repo.

Next, the project uses Google Firebase for all authentication, database and storage means. This means you will have to go over to [the Google Firebase Console](https://firebase.google.com/), login in with a google account and create a "Web App", that you can use for development. Google will output a config variable which you can insert into /src/components/Firebase/config.tsx.

Simply replace the 'config' variable with your own config variable.

To get up and running, you can run `npm start` from the root directory to start a live server which automatically hot-reloads!

## Contribute

Let people know how they can contribute into your project. A contributing guideline will be a big plus.

## Credits

Give proper credits. This could be a link to any repo which inspired you to build this project, any blogposts or links to people who contrbuted in this project.

Anything else that seems useful

## License

A short snippet describing the license (MIT, Apache etc)

MIT © Yourname

This project is written in ReactJS and was built with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

_UPDATE_
The project is now written with Typescript as the priority, for easier use down the line. I don't really write TypeScript, but we'll work it out XD

Most of the styling uses [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.4/) and any custom styles are written in [Sass](https://sass-lang.com). The databasing, storage and authentification are all done using [Google Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/docs/).

Want to help?

Great\!

## How to Get Started

### Some Helpful Stuff Generated By Create-React-App

> #### Available Scripts
>
> In the project directory, you can run:
>
> ##### `npm start`
>
> Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
> Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.
>
> The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
> You will also see any lint errors in the console.
>
> ##### `npm run build`
>
> Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
> It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.
>
> The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
> The app is ready to be deployed\!
>
> See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.
>
> ##### `npm run eject`
>
> **Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back\!**
>
> If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.
>
> Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.
>
> You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.
>
> #### Learn More About React
>
> You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).
>
> To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Firebase

If you want to start making some databases, just head on over to [Firebase](console.firebase.google.com) and make yourself a project there. The website should start making any databases that you need as you begin to add things.

I have both a production and a development Firebase App, so the two are independent. I may, one day, be inclined to share the development version on here...

### File Structure

The important elements in the file structure are as follows:

> -   /public _With files that are untouched by react_
>     -   index.html _The html template that webpack will build the website from_
> -   /src _With files directly relating to the client-side of the app_
>     -   /images _Images needed for the site. All images will be imported from here. So far, it's just the logo._
>     -   /icons _Self-made icons. The rest come from Font Awesome._
>     -   /components _The different parts of the app_
>         -   /elements _Reusable elements_
>         -   /Firebase _The firebase config files, class and context_
>         -   /Header and /Footer _They are what it says on the tin_
>         -   /Pages _The different pages that the App.js component will display_
>         -   /Session _The part that keeps track of what user is currently on the site_
>     -   App.js \*The first child of the parent JS file. Often quite important stuff goes on here. Specifically layout. **The master slide\***
>     -   custom.scss _Styles can be added on top of bootstrap \(After the import\) or mixins can be used to change bootstrap itself_
>     -   index.js _The parent JS file. Not much goes on here._
>     -   routes.js _This is useful so that any navigation bar never needs to be updated. It does it programmatically_

## What Do We Need?

This is a list of things that need to be done, but I can't see myself putting them together alone, whether that be for skill set reasons or for tediousness reasons\!

I love to see pull request put in for anything, but if it's one of these things, I'd be absolutely delighted\!

-   Juggling Tools
    -   Javascript Programmer - The transition generator exists, but doesn't work. It's heavily based on [Jonglage.net](https://www.jonglage.net/generation_transition_siteswap.html)'s one, which also doesn't work\! XD
    -   HTML5 canvas drawer or other - The site definitely needs a juggling simulator\! And I don't think I could release it if it's not responsive... Come on, we can do this together\!
    -   Javascript Programmer - Prechac generator. Now that would be cool. And probably better documented!
-   More Databases
    -   General ReactJS - an events system where people can host EJC with other people adding themselves as going.
    -   General ReactJS - Juggling Clubs Similar to above, but with the different juggling clubs around the world.

## Have an Issue?

Go ahead and register an issue here, or got to my [website](https://calcourtney.net) and [drop me an email\!](mailto:info@calcourtney.net)

## Hope To Hear From You Soon!

Thanks for reading\!\!\!
